Processing Figures and Tables
=============================
The programs in this folder create the figures and tables in the article. They need to be run before compiling the LaTeX. No post-processing should be needed.

Data sources
------------
- `data/jira`: 
   - `confidential`: Internal data from the JIRA system used by the AEA Data Editor. Not provided.
   - `anon`: Anonymized subset of the internal data used to generate all figures and tables. Download data from Vilhuber(2020x) and save into this folder. `01_jira_anonymize.R` was used to anonymize these data.
- `tables`: This directory contains table data created during processing. While the replication package contains a copy, all content is generated by `programs`.

Pre-requisites
--------------
- R (last run with 4.0.3)
  - Package `here` is required
  - all other packages are listed at the top of each R program, and will be installed automatically
- Bash shell (optional)
  - used to run all R scripts in sequence

Processing
----------

- run `run_all.sh` from a shell to process all files in numerical order
- Note that in the absence of the raw (confidential) data files used in  `01_jira_anonymize.R`, that step will be skipped. This is normal.

Outputs
-------
Output folders are listed in `config.R`. By default, 
 - figures are in the `(BASEPATH)/images` folder
 - tables (and CSV files) are in the `(BASEPATH)/tables` folder

### Mapping tables and figures to article

| Name of file | Figure/ Table in article | Program to create |
|--------------|--------------------------|-------------------|
|n_compliance_manuscript_mod.tex| Table 1 | 04_table1_compliance.R|
|n_journal_numbers_mod.tex| Table 2 | 05_table2_stats.R|
|jira_response_options_mod.tex| Table 3 | 06_table3_response_options.R|
|n_rounds.tex| Table 4 | 07_table4.R|

Changelog
---------


References
----------
